Hey guys thank you for visiting my CRM website. This is a React fronrend project i created with technologies including HTML5, CSS3, JS, ReactJs, Bootstrap, etc.. hosted on Netlify. This client-app is backed my Express server hosted on cyclic.sh.

Well, let me give a short gist about CRM. Customer relationship management (CRM) is a technology that allows businesses both large and small to organise, automate, and synchronise every facet of customer interaction. CRM system examples include marketing, sales, customer service, and support.

If you want to see a live demo of this app click here. If you're a React developer you are welcome to clone my project and learn it. Source code. If you're a HR / Manager / CEO looking for a Frontend developer kindly check my resume. im actively looking for a job.

This CRM project is for customer service, and support. Any company can use my CRM client to solve the issues faced by customer.

How it works ?
As a user if you're facing any problem with a product
Create an account & Login to this CRM
You'll be provided with a unique userId to raise any issues
Click on Raise a ticket to register your issue. Its that simple.
The company's engineer/ admin will answer your query ASAP as they recieve your ticket.You can come back and check the response anytime.
You can track the status of your issue on the daskboard (open, closed, pending)

Features
A highly protected Token based Authentication system, ensuring your privacy (closing the tab or inactivity on the site will logs you out)
This application is responsive on different devices incliding mobile phones
A clean UI with a circular- progressbar to track your tickets
A highly dynamic Material-Table to list all your tickets which will help you to sort items and export your tickets in CSV / PDF

As soon a ticket is raised by the customer, it is assigned to an engineer

Login can be done as Customer or Engineer.
By default engineer usertype is set to pending status which will be approved by admin later.
All the tickets raised by customer is assigned to any one engineer in the organisation.
He has the permissions to read and reply to a query and close the ticket. After which the response is reflected the customers daskboard and UI is updated.
